I and baby brother 
use to run together 
I and baby brother 
use to run together 
welcome one another 
head for the corner 
welcome one another 
head for the corner 
Shiftin on he mind 
be like drink funky wine 
by the river 
Chippin on he mind 
be like drink funky wine 
by the river 
I and baby brother 
use to run together 
I and baby brother 
use to run together 
welcome one another 
head for the corner 
welcome one another 
head for the corner 
I remember the day 
we use to fight together 
I remember the day yeah 
we use to fight together 
I and baby brother 
use to run together 
I and baby brother 
use to run together 
hang on baby brother oh 
they call it law and order 
hey hey hey 
come back baby brother 
come back baby brother 
come back baby brother 
come back baby brother 
you be my baby brother 
you be my baby brother 
come back baby brother 
come back baby brother 
come back baby brother 
you be my baby brother 
you be my baby brother 
come back baby brother 
come back baby brother 
come back baby brother 
